= Callback Request with Bootstrap =

Rails gem to show a form for callback request in modal mode.
To be used with Bootstrap 3 and simple_form.


Requests for phone callbacks are stored in database.


== Installation ==

Gemfile:
```ruby
gem 'callback_request_bootstrap'
```

```ruby
bundle install
```

install using generator:
```ruby
rails g request_callback_bootstrap:install
```
This will add the migrations.

Migrate the database:
```ruby
rake db:migrate
```
It will add table 'requests' to the database.


Your application should have jquery, jquery_ujs and bootstrap.js installed.
Your application.js might be:
```ruby
//= require jquery
//= require jquery_ujs

//= require bootstrap
or if you want to include only javascript for modal
//= require bootstrap/modal

```

mount engine in config/routes.rb:
```ruby
Rails.application.routes.draw do

  mount CallbackRequestBootstrap::Engine => "/callback"

  ..
end

```

Link to show form in modal:
```ruby
<%=link_to_callback_modal "Request callback", '#', :class=>'btn' %>

```
This helper generates a link with css class 'callback_link'.

or add class 'callback_link' to your link:
```ruby
=link_to 'Request callback', '#', :class=>'btn btn-primary callback_link'
```

include on page (usually at the end of the page where you place the link):
```ruby
<%= render 'callback_request_bootstrap/requests/js_modal'%>
```
This will add necessary scripts for modal.


= Options =

== Autoclose ==
To close modal after a request is setn, use option 'autoclose' for a link:
```ruby
<%=link_to "Show modal with autoclose", '#', :class=>'btn btn-default callback_link', :data=>{'autoclose'=>5} %>
```
This will close modal in 5 seconds.



== Customization ==

=== Form ===

Use generator to copy views to your application.
Edit views in /app/views/callback_request_bootstrap/.

If you want to edit fields in the form, then edit view '_form.simple_form.html.erb'.


=== Localization ===

 Copy file config/locales/callback_request.en.yml to your application in config/locales/callback_request.LANG.yml.
 Edit the file.